Danny teri you called an audible last
night that's what I do when I see a
blitz coming
a blitz I guess to lure just happened to
be on the roof at the exact moment that
we were coming out with those diamonds
how'd you know I'd go for him because
you're you and I'm me
we were watching to lure while you had
him watching us this is your end which
you donated to charity charity camp to
belong the kids are very grateful
they're gonna have you up to visit next
month hmm now you know that wasn't our
deal well if you feel that strongly
about it then we'll yank the kids out of
the camp and we'll send them back to
their foster homes all 200 of them you
think this is funny well Terry it sure
as ain't sad
why these children well I was just very
moved by by what they look at the kind
of work they're doing there and you got
to start somewhere and luckily you know
the casino business is doing well and I
hope there's more millions to come that
we can spread around to through other
organizations but like I said I was very
moved by that place and you know you got
to do is look at inside a child's eyes
and and that's all it needs as your
although all the motivation that one
needs thank you for being an angel for
don't thank you like I said well I'm
just following Hurley Thank You Terry
Benedict we'll be right back
[Music]